fix!: no-unused-vars `varsIgnorePattern` behavior with catch arguments (#17932)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/rules/no-unused-vars.md

The `vars` option has two settings:

> * `all` checks all variables for usage, including those in the global scope (except the variables those are allowed by the ignore pattern). This is the default setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `all` checks all variables for usage, including those in the global scope. However, it excludes variables targeted by other options like `args` and `caughtErrors`. This is the default setting.
```

### varsIgnorePattern

> The `varsIgnorePattern` option specifies exceptions not to check for usage: variables whose names match a regexp pattern. For example, variables whose names contain `ignored` or `Ignored`. Pattern specify in this option does not ignore the `function` and `catch` arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `varsIgnorePattern` option specifies exceptions not to check for usage: variables whose names match a regexp pattern. For example, variables whose names contain `ignored` or `Ignored`. However, it excludes variables targeted by other options like `argsIgnorePattern` and `caughtErrorsIgnorePattern`.
```

::: correct

```js

> /*eslint no-unused-vars: ["error", { "args": "all", "argsIgnorePattern": "^_" }]*/

Reviewer: Why was this change required? I believe the example was correct earlier as well.

::: correct

```js

> /*eslint no-unused-vars: ["error", { "caughtErrors": "all", "caughtErrorsIgnorePattern": "^ignore" }]*/

Reviewer: Good catch!

Reviewer: While at it, let's also [update the docs here](https://github.com/eslint/eslint/blob/main/docs/src/rules/no-unused-vars.md#options) to mention the default for caughtErrors:

```diff
{
    "rules": {
-        "no-unused-vars": ["error", { "vars": "all", "args": "after-used", "ignoreRestSiblings": false }]
+        "no-unused-vars": ["error", { "vars": "all", "args": "after-used", "caughtErrors": "none", "ignoreRestSiblings": false }]
    }
}
```
